Ensure balances remain unchanged for optimal validators during leak (#1830)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/beacon-chain.md

    return Gwei(effective_balance * BASE_REWARD_FACTOR // integer_squareroot(total_balance) // BASE_REWARDS_PER_EPOCH)
```

```python
def get_proposer_reward(state: BeaconState, attesting_index: ValidatorIndex) -> Gwei:
    return Gwei(get_base_reward(state, attesting_index) // PROPOSER_REWARD_QUOTIENT)
```

```python
def get_finality_delay(state: BeaconState) -> uint64:
    return get_previous_epoch(state) - state.finalized_checkpoint.epoch
```

```python

> def in_inactivity_leak(state: BeaconState) -> bool:

Reviewer: What do you think about renaming to `is_in_inactivity_leak` like other "Predicates" helpers?

    for index in get_eligible_validator_indices(state):
        if index in unslashed_attesting_indices:
            increment = EFFECTIVE_BALANCE_INCREMENT  # Factored out from balance totals to avoid uint64 overflow
            if in_inactivity_leak(state):

>                 # Full base reward will be cancelled out by inactivity penalty deltas

Reviewer: This magical line may worth more comments
 
```suggestion
                # Since full base reward will be canceled out by inactivity penalty deltas,
                # the attester that participated optimally gets full base reward compensation here.
```
